# Soundscape-Narrative
For my soundscape narrative, the goal was to portray a kitchen scene in a restaurant, primarily focusing on the POV of the chef. I was inspired by the show The Bear and wanted to capture the stressful environment that comes with being a chef in a professional kitchen. In my audio, I have cooking sounds like cutting vegetables, opening a fridge, turning on a stove, rattling glasses and plates, and more that I took in my kitchen. I was also able to record a background ambience of people talking which I got from a real restaurant. I then went on to FreeSound and downloaded a receipt printing audio, person breathing, and bell dinging. I tried to increase the receipt printing as the clip goes on to increase the stress level, and I included the person breathing to emphasize that this is from an actual person's POV, not just noise. I started off with the background ambience to make it clear to the audience that the setting is a restaurant. I then wanted to transform them to the back of the kitchen which is when the breathing starts, you hear the receipt printing, and the cooking sounds start. I think this was my biggest challenge to try to get the listener to sort of move locations audibly. I'm not sure if it comes across that way so I'm eager to hear what others think. I also would like to know if stress actually increases within the listener because that is the point I am really trying to get across. I increased the noises to be more fast-paced and stress-inducing, but again, I'm not sure if it comes off that way to the average listener. I'm wondering what more I could do to enhance this feeling!
